UCSB129L
All code for UCSB 129L lab class.
Problem 1
--------
To run the program that solves this problem
linux> ./stupidHWProblem1.py

Exit 1
--------
Please enter an integer: 4
Here is your inputed number squared:  16



Problem 2
--------
To run the program that solves this problem
linux> ./stupidHWProblem2.py


Exit 2
--------
Please enter a sentence: that that that that
Number of words in sentence:  4
Number of letters in sentence:  16



Problem 3
--------
To run the program that solves this problem
linux> ./stupidHWProblem3.py

Exit 3
--------
Please enter a sentence, preferably with duplicate words: that that that that
that



Problem 4
--------
To run the program that solves this problem
linux> ./stupidHWProblem4.py

Exit 4
--------
200,202,204,206,208,220,222,224,226,228,240,242,244,246,248,
260,262,264,266,268,280,282,284,286,288,400


Problem 5
--------
To run the program that solves this problem
linux> ./stupidHWProblem5.py

Exit 5
--------
acpi			host.conf	     perl
adduser.conf		hostname	     pki
adjtime			hosts		     pm
alternatives		hosts.allow	     pnm2ppa.conf
anacrontab		hosts.deny	     polkit-1
apg.conf		hp		     ppp
apm			ifplugd		     prime-discrete
apparmor		ImageMagick-6	     printcap
apparmor.d		init		     profile
apport			init.d		     profile.d
appstream.conf		initramfs-tools      protocols
apt			inputrc		     pulse
avahi			inxi.conf	     python
bash.bashrc		iproute2	     python2.7
bash_completion		issue		     python3
bash_completion.d	issue.net	     python3.6
bindresvport.blacklist	java-11-openjdk      rc0.d
binfmt.d		kernel		     rc1.d
bluetooth		kernel-img.conf      rc2.d
bonobo-activation	kerneloops.conf      rc3.d
brlapi.key		ldap		     rc4.d
brltty			ld.so.cache	     rc5.d
brltty.conf		ld.so.conf	     rc6.d
ca-certificates		ld.so.conf.d	     rcS.d
ca-certificates.conf	legal		     request-key.conf
calendar		libao.conf	     request-key.d
casper.conf		libaudit.conf	     resolvconf
chatscripts		libblockdev	     resolv.conf
chromium-browser	libnl-3		     rmt
cifs-utils		libpaper.d	     rpc
console-setup		libreoffice	     rsyslog.conf
cracklib		lightdm		     rsyslog.d
cron.d			lintianrc	     samba
cron.daily		linuxmint	     sane.d
cron.hourly		locale.alias	     securetty
cron.monthly		locale.gen	     security
crontab			localtime	     selinux
cron.weekly		logcheck	     sensors3.conf
cryptsetup-initramfs	login.defs	     sensors.d
cups			logrotate.conf	     services
cupshelpers		logrotate.d	     sgml
dbus-1			lsb-release	     shadow
debconf.conf		ltrace.conf	     shadow-
debian_version		lvm		     shells
default			machine-id	     skel
deluser.conf		magic		     sound
depmod.d		magic.mime	     speech-dispatcher
dhcp			mailcap		     ssh
dictionaries-common	mailcap.order	     ssl
dkms			manpath.config	     subgid
doc-base		menu-methods	     subgid-
dpkg			mime.types	     subuid
drirc			mke2fs.conf	     subuid-
emacs			modprobe.d	     sudoers
emacs25			modules		     sudoers.d
environment		modules-load.d	     sysctl.conf
ffserver.conf		mono		     sysctl.d
firefox			mtab		     systemd
fonts			mtools.conf	     terminfo
fstab			mysql		     thermald
fuse.conf		nanorc		     thunderbird
fwupd			netplan		     timeshift.json
gai.conf		network		     timezone
gconf			networkd-dispatcher  tmpfiles.d
gdb			NetworkManager	     ucf.conf
geoclue			networks	     udev
ghostscript		newt		     udisks2
gimp			nsswitch.conf	     ufw
glvnd			obex-data-server     updatedb.conf
gnome			ODBCDataSources      update-motd.d
gnome-app-install	odbc.ini	     UPower
gnome-vfs-2.0		odbcinst.ini	     upstream-release
groff			openal		     usb_modeswitch.conf
group			OpenCL		     usb_modeswitch.d
group-			openvpn		     vdpau_wrapper.cfg
grub.d			opt		     vim
gshadow			oracle-java9-jdk     vtrgb
gshadow-		os-release	     wgetrc
gss			PackageKit	     wildmidi
gtk-2.0			pam.conf	     wpa_supplicant
gtk-3.0			pam.d		     X11
guest-session		papersize	     xdg
gufw			passwd		     xml
hddtemp.db		passwd-		     zsh_command_not_found
hdparm.conf		pcmcia


Problem 6
--------
To run the program that solves this problem
linux> ./stupidHWProblem6.py

Exit 6
--------
Please enter an integer: 10367
7 to the power  1
1481 to the power  1

